fresh announced new samsung
belongs to the galaxy family and wears
proud alpha name first letter of greek
alphabet for the first device perhaps
galactic ruler charged
no-image full alpha review already available
on the site and our videos are nice
supplement for those who are serious
got interested in the new galaxy background
s5 alpha looks more compact and
noble smartphone from the novelty
the screen diagonal is smaller by four
tenths of an inch
other dimensions are also proportional
changed due to
the device significantly better falls in hand
it is absolutely comfortable to operate
No matter how big your hand is
or miniature external change is not
such striking but sufficient for
order to design began to cause pleasant
emotions instead of plastic which looks like
pretty cheap smartphone case
placed in a matte metal frame
decorated with shiny brushed
facets and relief
the projections cover material is the same
rubberized plastic
but drawing another instead of not loved
many squeezed them all over the surface
dots here the texture is smoother with barely
prominent mesh made up of
crosses or pluses whom any analogy
I like the same pattern more
repeated on the front surface
only under the glass version
operating system
Alpha has a more recent 8th processor dash
in copies by two gigabytes of operative
memory allow you to get in
synthetic tests
rating is excellent with resource - intensive games and
heavy content problems should not be
unlike galaxy resolution
super amoled screen alpha not foul go
just go but on such a diagonal you
hardly feel the difference
in general, we appreciate the screen very much
optimistic detailed expertise you
will find in the text review and we will highlight
The main thing at the screen of alpha is excellent
luminance characteristics worthy
color accuracy improved angles
review and quality
warm image looks
truly deep and realistic with
very accurate shadow processing module
cameras are simpler here than with case 5
image quality most likely you
suit but the top five for this indicator
yet far ahead
but there is a nice bonus video shooting
4k resolution
alpha battery which is nice removable but
its capacity is significantly less than 5
galaxy saves economical super amoled
screen processor made by the new
20 nanometer process technology and good
optimized software that allows
babies live more than 11 hours in mode
watching ideas video at maximum
brightness with active Wi-Fi from galaxy s5
such things as a sensor moved here
heart rhythm which at the same time
used for hypothetical metering
the level of your stress right there and the scanner
fingerprint and extreme mode
energy saving
which we showed in the review from 5 and here
from the onslaught of water in contrast to the five
alpha is not protected is not in the device
and memory card slots too bad
all the time you have to choose either
functional either beautiful
offensively somehow you could have done
image version of the flagship galaxy s5
with the same good water protection chamber
with memory card slot
but no samsung company came up to the task
making an iPhone killer perfectly
straightforward
that is, they added a metal frame that
good and nice led weight
devices to indicator close iphone
5s but removed the important and necessary
many users thing in the slot for
memory cards
next to alpha last year's iphone 5s
looks like a very small
the increase in screen diagonal is something that
It has long been waiting for requests apple lovers
with almost identical weight indicators
alpha nonetheless seems like an apparatus in
lighter overall dimensions more
weight distribution is different everything is logical but
I will not say that this is an absolute plus with
iphone you feel a pleasant weight in your hand
Is there really almost no galaxy alpha?
felt
if in the case of alpha we are dealing with
matrix super amoled by iphone
recall this
and ps for my taste it is the hilt of the matrix
demonstrates a more realistic and
natural image of the same stock
iphone screen brightness is significantly higher
than alpha but the whole thing
individual color perception of samsung
by the way you can still choose one of
Modes to taste iphone battery
smaller than alpha capacity so if
samsung stand 11 hours of video about
iphone only seven and a half module
iphone cameras and how we remember
8 megapixel from over it does not bother her
still considered one of the best on
market but video resolution 4k iphone
of course it would not write iron
Samsung more powerful his family shooting range
processor and 2 gigabytes of operative
of memory
iphone has two cores and one gigabyte with
This iphone not only does not lose in
the plan of smoothness of work but also in some places
manifests itself significantly better
there is a logical explanation for this
android is designed to work on
devices very different
characteristics from here problems with
compatibility
ios has absolute compatibility
iron set
verified everything is optimized and targeted
for maximum performance
actually that's why android
smartphones and tablets
often much more powerful
Filling than iPhones and iPads
besides alpha got not the most
good interface and very sorry that
samsung does not provide opportunities
operational transition to clean android
how it is well guessed to do in
Lenovo's whole smartphone turned out
pleasant pretty balanced and
harmonious if you love the operating room
android system and do not confuse
compromise moments such as and
no memory card slot
The timer is weaker than the galaxy s5 and
insecurity from water
the machine will make you happy with him
good screen good time
battery life and it looks very
OK
galaxy alpha should go on sale
in mid-September, the time was chosen right
let's say not the best of rumors 9
September
Apple will show your new iphone which
traditionally absorb all the attention
lovers of new gadgets but in favor
samsung
plays such a factor as the price if now
The price of the official iphone 5s with volume
32 gigabytes of memory starts at 31
thousands of rubles alpha at the start of sales
promise over 25,000 even if 5s
traditionally cheaper with the coming
new model it will still be
more expensive samsung alpha so that samsung
there is a small but still for a review
for you she prepared Feoktistov and
Pavel Terёhin Subscribe to ours
channel and stay with us